[CloudPC] Added MEM admin poweron and poweroff actions (#20365)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/cloudpc-poweroff.md

---
title: "cloudPC: power off"
description: "Power off a specific Cloud PC."
author: "rbayetov"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: powerOff

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Power off a Frontline Cloud PC. This action supports [Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) MEM admin scenarios. 

Reviewer: What does the acronym MEM stand for? Generally we spell out acronyms on first mention unless they are familiar to the target audience.

Reviewer 2: Hi @Lauragra, this is my mistake. I saw the full name in the resource topic and decided to leave the abbreviation here, but I will make the change. Thanks!

> Power off a Frontline Cloud PC. This action supports [Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) MEM admin scenarios. 

Reviewer 2: This is the author's reply: For now, PowerOff/PowerOn actions support only "Fronline" Cloud PCs. In the future, we plan to accept all cloudPCs.

> Perform power off for a Cloud PC. This is to cover [Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) CloudPC for MEM admin scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Power off a Cloud PC. This action supports [Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) MEM admin scenarios. 
```

> Power off a Frontline Cloud PC. This action supports [Windows 365 Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) MEM admin scenarios. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Power off a Frontline Cloud PC. This action supports [Windows 365 Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) Microsoft Endpoint Manager (MEM) admin scenarios. 
```

> Power off a Frontline Cloud PC. This action supports [Windows 365 Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) Microsoft Endpoint Manager (MEM) admin scenarios. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Power off a [Windows 365 Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) Cloud PC. This action supports Microsoft Endpoint Manager (MEM) admin scenarios. 
```

> The API only targets IT admin users. Frontline CloudPCs will be de-allocated, and licenses will be revoked immediately. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API only supports IT admin users. Frontline CloudPCs will be de-allocated, and licenses will be revoked immediately. 
```

> CloudPC will be de-allocated immediately and license will be revoked for Frontline CloudPCs. The API only targets IT admin consumers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API only supports IT admin consumers. Non-admin Cloud PCs will be de-allocated immediately, and licenses will be revoked for Frontline CloudPCs.
```

> CloudPC will be de-allocated immediately and license will be revoked for Frontline CloudPCs. The API only targets IT admin consumers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API only targets IT admin users. Frontline CloudPCs will be de-allocated, and licenses will be revoked immediately. 
```

> After a Frontline Cloud PC is powered off, it is de-allocated, and licenses are revoked immediately. Only IT admin users can perform this action. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After a[Windows 365 Frontline](https://www.microsoft.com/en/windows-365/frontline) Cloud PC is powered off, it is de-allocated, and licenses are revoked immediately. Only IT admin users can perform this action. 
```

---
title: "cloudPC: power off"

> description: "Power off specific Cloud PC."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Power off a specific Cloud PC."
```

author: "rbayetov"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: power off

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Perform power off for a Cloud PC. This is to cover Shift Work CloudPC for MEM admin scenarios.

CloudPC will be de-allocated immediately and license will be revoked for Shift Work CloudPCs.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->

> To power off the specified [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) in the organization, using either delegated permission (the signed-in user should be the administrator) or application permission:

Reviewer 3: Is this sentence added by you manually?

``` http

> POST /deviceManagement/virtualEndpoint/cloudPCs/{cloudPCId}/poweroff

Reviewer 3: me/cloudpcs/id/powerOff should also be supported, right?
